# CS-230

The Gaming Room is a client looking to reach a larger audience by extending their existing game **Draw It or Lose It** (originally for Android) to additional platforms. They are looking to create a cross platform web application that can be accessed from multiple types of client operating systems where the client will only support single sign on and progress will be synced across all their chosen devices for play. 

I believe that I understood which tools would be required and how web applications have a service running on a server and the browser running on the client renders functionality appropriate for the user using front end technology such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The curriculum on RESTful API's was very useful in plugging my knowledge gap in how to appropriately use HTTP CRUD request's and how to handle user authentication. Working through the design document allowed to structure ideas and audit them for any missing requirements or functionality before starting development.

I failed to successfully articulate the client side section; that area of the document needs the most revision. This was due to lack of understanding on my part because phrasing in the rubric about how to approach these questions was not very clear, and I missed an announcement that added the necessary clarity needed to successfully complete this section. Based on feedback I should have focused more on Browsers on the different platforms for intended functionality.

Firstly, interpreting user needs is understanding the customer and the goals they want to achieve with the product. Translating those goals and needs into features and prioritizing the features based on the need(s) of multiple users can be beneficial in laying out a plan that delivers the most value to the customer over an iterative cycle. Secondly, it's essential in understanding user/customer needs for multiple reasons. What good is features and functionality added that the user or customer didn't ask for? Listening to feedback and focusing on the needs of users and the customer will increase usability and satisfaction with the product. The goal is to add the most value to the users and customers, listening to feedback and implementing features based on feedback and initial requirements is the best way to deliver true value.

The initial approach I would take to designing similar software would be to conduct interviews with the customer. The initial requirements and goals for the product would be known, and if there was any plans to reach support other platforms in the future. User Stories, Epics, and a Backlog would created, and an in app survey would be implemented early into the application, so at the end of each iteration. The feedback received could be aggregated and implementation could be changed or adapted based on feedback on a priority basis.
